It is impossible for the hand
to move faster than the eye.
If someone doesn't have
an eye that can judge quality,
they can never create anything
of value with their hands.
This is a popular saying
within the artistic community.
This can be applied in any industry.
The growth rate of those
who possess this eye
far eclipses the rate of those who do not!
He saw my right hook
and used his left hand
to strike back immediately!
It's an action
that he's unable to do before.
He's growing…
by devouring me!
What a beautiful fall!
His face is defenseless.
I can do it with Divergent Fist!
However…
He caught my fist from gaining momentum
by blocking it with his head!
I want you to devour something else.
Your Divergent Fist is created using
superhuman speed with your cursed energy,
which has a time lag that
Jujutsu Sorcerers usually don't possess.
That's tricky.
An average Jujutsu Sorcerer
would be confused about what happened.
It's also very effective
against opponents, if they are inferior.
But it will be useless
against a Special Grade.
What will you do, my friend?
I will inject a whole lot of
my cursed energy with all my power.
Good!
So why did your cursed energy get delayed?
That's because
your cursed energy is flowing!
What?
Wait.
Do you mean I should let it flow faster?
Letting your cursed energy flow
is something
many Jujutsu Sorcerers do consciously.
Thoughts like "I'm mad"
or "I'm boiling with anger."
In theory, cursed energy
from negative emotions
starts to flow from the belly button
to the whole body.
CURSED ENERGY
From the belly button into the chest,
cursed energy flows through
the shoulders, arms, and fist.
The consciousness of distinguishing
body parts delays the cursed energy.
The idea of letting
cursed energy flow is not wrong.
But it's just the first step.
You can't get stuck within this thought.
The better a Jujutsu Sorcerer,
the harder it is to predict
their cursed energy flow.
For a different reason than you.
Do we think with our stomachs?
Do we get angry with our heads?
Listen here, Itadori.
We exist in this world
with our entire body and soul.
Most people have taken
that maxim for granted.
Thanks, Todo.
I think I understand it now.
I guess…
there's no more need for words.
I won't show mercy!
I'll try my best to guide you!
Don't die, Itadori.
Climb up.
Climb to new heights!
Hey, you.
The old man in Kyoto School
asked you to kill Itadori, right?
This girl has good instincts.
No, it must be Panda.
What are you talking about?
You don't need to hide it.
I'll fight you like I mean to kill you.
Especially Mai, that Maki knockoff.
What?
What's that?
Even Pepper's response
is more decent than yours.
What's this? She's not mad?
I feel the same!
Speaking of which, your team has a Pepper.
Shall I turn him
into a pile of scrap and dump it?
She's scary.
Panda!
He's a Cursed Corpse. He won't die.
He's just temporarily immobilized.
So who are you calling Pepper?
Wait, Mechamaru.
I will give this first-year student
a cute lesson
on Mai's hardships
and what it means to live
as a female Jujutsu Sorcerer.
I'll teach her well.
Just joking.
What?
Do you like attention?
You should have just hid at the back
and supported her.
Well, let's get along…
since we're both the same.
You're just a mere puppet.
What do you know?
Gosh.
I thought we were supposed to hunt curses.
Sword Option.
Boost On.
Ultra Spin!
Cheeky runner.
I really need to finish him off quickly
or run away to go help Nobara,
but he has ranged weapons.
We have no information about
Mechamaru, Nishimiya, and Miwa.
You're quite strong.
What's your grade?
GRADE 1, SEMI-GRADE 1
GRADE 2, SEMI-GRADE 2
This is my guess.
So this might be a little hard for Nobara.
I don't think it's necessary to know
my grade in this situation,
but I'll tell you.
I'm a Semi-Grade 1.
-What?
-Ultra Cannon!
His range of attack is wide.
It's cooling down. It's a big move
that needs time to charge and recover!
Given my firepower,
I have to pinpoint its core.
Cursed Corpse.
It refers to a generic name
for a nonliving thing
that hosts a curse
and can act autonomously.
An artificial Cursed Corpse
has a core in place of a heart.
Created by Masamichi Yaga,
the leading sorcerer in Puppetry Jujutsu,
Panda is my greatest masterpiece.
It's a Cursed Corpse born with emotions.
An Abrupt-Mutated Cursed Corpse.
Panda is not a panda!
It's hard to tell
what its next move will be.
Well, I should know if there are
similar Cursed Corpses like me.
I've never heard of any,
so you're not a Cursed Corpse.
You're being controlled remotely
by a Jujutsu Sorcerer.
Even so, don't get angry because
you're treated as a Cursed Corpse.
You don't like being compared to me?
I'll get hurt.
I will really get hurt!
Based on your cursed energy output,
the main body shouldn't be far.
No, it must be right outside the arena.
So it's pointless for me to find it.
No one will be watching you then.
Maybe I should destroy you now.
Neither will come true.
Do you know about
the Heavenly Restriction?
It's different from
the Binding Vow set by oneself.
It's one that's been forced
onto the body since birth.
I was born without
a right arm and both legs,
and I have no sensation below my waist.
My skin is so fragile
that it can't handle moonlight.
My pores feel like
they were pricked by needles.
In return, I was granted
a wide range of cursed techniques…
and cursed energy
that far surpasses others.
This is not the strength I seek.
If my body could be restored
by giving up my cursed techniques,
I would gladly do it.
You see…
I see you walking around casually
under the sun as a Cursed Corpse…
I just can't stand it!
Ultimate Mechamaru!
Mode, Albatross!
What an incredible amount
of cursed energy!
Based on his position…
Nobara will get caught in it!
I have to take it!
Ultimate Cannon!
Is it dead?
No, you're not worthy of…
the concept of death.
While bragging about your misfortune,
you've also disclosed
your cursed technique.
Quite the shrewd Jujutsu Sorcerer.
He's still alive after Ultimate Cannon?
I'm a little irritated now.
What's happening?
That look of yours…
Panda…
is not a panda!
Panda.
Actually, you have
an older brother and sister.
I don't.
No, you do.
They are in your body.
What's with the honorific?
In my body?
Yes.
One day, you'll understand.
No matter when…
They would always be there
to lend you their power.
Sword Option.
Ultra Shield!
Usually, there is only one core
for a Cursed Corpse.
But there are three cores in my body.
I can transform my body
by replacing the main core.
My panda core emphasizes balance.
My brother, gorilla core emphasizes
strength and is good at quick combat.
And my shy sister.
My sister's core was hit
by the first shot,
and my panda core is exhausted
from the attack just now.
I have no choice
but to use Gorilla Mode to win.
He's not as powerful as Todo.
But that palm strike just now…
It reverberated my insides.
Despite defending, I'm still injured.
Did you notice?
This is Gorilla Mode's ultimate move,
the Unblockable Drumming Beat!
If the Unblockable Drumming Beat
strikes my head or chest again,
Mechamaru won't be able to move anymore.
My right arm and Sword Option
can't be used anymore.
I can't use Ultimate Cannon either.
Gorilla Mode consumes cursed energy
quickly since it's a gorilla.
I must hurry up.
I've destroyed his right arm.
He can't use maximum power anymore.
No sword in his left arm or mouth.
Is only his cannon left?
Even so, he won't simply use it.
He thought the two cannon attacks
should have finished me off.
In fact, two of my cores are crippled.
I guess he'll aim at my core
at a point-blank range
and finish me off.
However…
I have the advantage in close combat.
A tile?
Did he just grab that off the roof?
He uses his boosters after distracting me?
This guy is very skillful!
I won't miss this time.
Its core is right here,
where the cursed energy…
is the strongest!
You did very well.
For a puppet, that is.
What?
Don't compare me to other Cursed Corpses.
I can fake my core's location
by concentrating my cursed energy.
After all, I was faking
my core's quantity all along.
You lost because…
you've underestimated a puppet!
I also never considered myself
to be the same as the humans around me.
So I guess I can understand you
in that sense.
But I've never envied human beings.
What?
Because humans are gross!
They risk their lives
to achieve their goals.
Sometimes they act all decisive
and then indecisive later.
I don't get them.
But I like them
because they possess qualities I don't.
Although it's gross.
It's not easy for you either, right?
But that doesn't mean
the one who has it hard is always right.
In fact, I'm not your enemy.
Why are you a Jujutsu Sorcerer?
Is there nothing else to do?
I don't really care,
but if you have any wish,
I'll help you fulfill it.
Mechamaru.
Don't waste your big moves.
There may be more than
one enemy in front of you.
Mechamaru.
If you can't instantly answer
the type of woman you like,
don't think about being
a full-fledged Jujutsu Sorcerer.
Mechamaru.
This is a present
in place of obligatory chocolates.
I heard that you like Evolta AA batteries.
I don't eat that.
What?
But Mai said…
Someday…
I want to be with everyone.
What?
Pardon?
Will you still help me
after seeing my true form?
What?
I have no right to be picky
about appearances.
I'm a panda.
See you.
Let me visit you next time.
Shut up, you darn puppet.
I almost forgot!
What?
Lend me your phone.
KYOTO SISTER-SCHOOL GOODWILL EVENT
TEAM BATTLE, MECHAMARU WITHDRAWS
Are you serious?
This person…
She's crazy strong!
Juju Stroll.
Mechamaru, tell Noritoshi
that Ms. Utahime is looking for him.
Mechamaru, help me give this to Todo.
Mechamaru, I'm glad you're here!
Help me give this to Todo and Kamo.
Why do you guys always ask me for help?
Don't talk to me right now.
Takada is streaming live now.
"Ibaragi"? It's Ibaraki.
You don't even know this?
Obviously, it's because
we don't want trouble.
I'm still afraid of them.
If we say that,
he might not help us anymore.
Mechamaru.
What?
We're counting on you!
Good.
All right, it's time for our assignments!
No, tell me the reason…
Never mind.
Since they are counting on me,
it's not too bad after all.